And this is as to this more general decision process formulation
ever which consists of ancient environment in this closed loop.
This process consists of two steps.
First, you have agents observe some properties of the environment,
some kind of sensory input or while user features in the banner as Westmont case,
and then your agent can pick an action,
given those observations and send this section back into the environment.
After that, he not only receives the feedback for his particular action,
he also changes the properties of the environment in some way.
So not only you get click or no click
you also change how your user base perceives your service.
Now, this thing of course works not only for the banner ads for a case study,
but also for great many other programs.
In fact it encompasses all the supervised,
unsupervised and other sub-domains of machine learning.
The intuition here, is that you have something that you don't control,
the environment, the guy below here,
and this is the source of your data,
the source of scary horse,
but in the worst case this is a black box so we have no access to the inner workings of
how it delivers observations and how it assigns feedback.
You can however try to reverse engineer this from the data.
The thing about here, the agent is whatever you can
control and in this case you have all the power you want,
all the mathematical formulas
you want and anything here you can use any supervised learning technique,
any heuristics basically, you can do anything above the line.
And later we'll see a lot of cool machine learning methods being applied here,
so we'll have neural networks and samples of trees,
some kind of blending algorithms and so on.
Now see how this formalism applies to problems outside the one we've just covered.
Now, obviously we have this news case in the web,
like recommending movies, recommending books,
placing advertisements and so on,
and we've just covered this in a high enough level of detail.
But this can also apply to things on
the other spectrum of technical problems, say robotics.
And robotics are where enforcement learning has a lot of applications.
You can do all kinds of stuff from teaching your robots to play
football to teaching your industrial robot to flip pancakes if that's what you want.
There's also this hot topic of self-driving cars which
is yet another special case of dynamics system,
it's another kind of robot which you can also improve by teaching it to,
well not bump into things and drive more efficiently in
terms of fuel efficiency for example or time,
so let's get slightly more specific.
Let's say we have a bipedal robot,
we want to teach it to walk,
preferably walk forward without falling down.
And in this case the reinforcement learning problem is defined thusly,
we have observations which are whatever sensory the robot has,
maybe the angles of the limbs,
are ever limp and maybe the camera feed if the robot has a camera installed on it.
Now the action in this case is whatever signal your robot sends to its motion subsystem.
Having motors attached to every joint and
you can bend them however you want by sending some kind of voltage maybe.
And in this case,
you want to maximize the feedback which can be defined by for example,
the distance you robot managed to move forward without falling.
This is a problem for
a significantly different domain but it can be
formalized into this very same decision process.
Now, although this problem in itself is quite useless,
you've probably noticed that
more than 80 percent of enforcement learning articles published in
the few recent years are trying
to solve this particular problem of teaching agents to play games.
And this is kind of strange actually because there is a lot of other problems that you
can solve effectively that will lead to practically relevant results.
Now I want you to define the observations,
actions and feedback in this process.
So let's try to find out what will our agent get us an input,
what will it be able to do in this environment,
and how do you measure its performance.
Of course it's quite obvious as a game,
and you can seem to denote your observation as whatever
you see and hear in the game maybe a sequence of images and the sound if you want,
and if you have access to the random access memory of the console,
you can use the random access memory instead of
this image and get even better higher level observation.
Your actions are as simple as pressing buttons and moving joysticks so it would be
six to eight possible conditions of joystick manipulations you can do at once.
And the feedback is the score the game provides you in the top of the screenshots.
There's another success story concerning reinforcements turning in board games domain.
Probably the most over-hyped one is the Alpha goal which was able
to play goal at levels that allowed to be top of the line goal players.
There's also a few other successful applications
in backgammon with both TG Gammon and Simel ones,
but these are games,
so let's try to see how it applies to something more closer to production.
There's also a huge sub-domain of
re-enforcement learning at the borderline with deep learning.
If you want the formal description of it,
it would be the methods for Deep Learning to
optimize the non-differentiable loss functions.
This sounds slightly theoretical but in practice,
it has a lot of qualifications.
For example, if you want to build the machine translation system,
the deep learning approach,
the usual approach is to minimize the cross entropy or if you want,
you maximize the logarithm of likelihood.
Reinforcement learning, however I urge you to explicitly maximize the metrics you want,
say the Blair who they measure or other machine translation specific metrics.
This of course has some ramifications and again we'll delve into more detail later on,
but the general idea here is that it allows
you more freedom in terms of what you want to optimize.
Also this needs a new area
that tries to use reinforcement learning to optimize the architecture of
DPL networks automatically which is kind of promising because
there is no other automatic way to building your art or architecture.